 Project Overview\
\
This project focuses on analyzing and predicting Pok\'e9mon battle outcomes using machine learning models. The primary objective is to leverage the comprehensive dataset extracted from Pok\'e9API to build predictive models and an interactive tool for battle predictions.\
\
 Files in the Project\
\
1. model.ipynb:\
    - Description: This notebook contains the core modeling process. It includes data preprocessing steps, feature engineering, model training, and evaluation of three machine learning models: Decision Tree, Random Forest, and Gradient Boosting.\
    - Usage: Open this notebook to follow the modeling pipeline, understand the choices made during model development, and see the performance metrics of each model.\
\
2. EDA.ipynb:\
    - Description: This notebook may contain supplementary analysis, exploratory data analysis (EDA), or additional steps that complement the main modeling process. It provides insights into the distribution of Pok\'e9mon attributes and the relationships between various features.\
    - Usage: Open this notebook to explore additional analyses or steps that support the main modeling effort.\
\
3. Report.pdf:\
    - Description: This document contains the detailed project report, including the dataset description, exploratory data analysis (EDA), model training and evaluation, and interactive prediction examples. It provides a comprehensive overview of the project's methodology and results.\
    - Usage: Review this document for a complete understanding of the project's scope, findings, and conclusions.\
\
 Datasets\
\
The datasets required for these notebooks are included in the zip folder. Ensure that you extract the contents of this zip file before running the notebooks. The extracted files should be placed in a directory accessible by the notebooks.\
\
How to Run the Notebooks\
\
1. Setup:\
    - Ensure you have Python installed with Jupyter Notebook. You can install Jupyter Notebook via Anaconda or pip.\
    - Install necessary libraries. You can usually find the required libraries at the beginning of each notebook. Use `pip install <library-name>` to install them.\
\
2. Running the Notebooks:\
    - Open a terminal or command prompt.\
    - Navigate to the directory containing the notebooks.\
    - Start Jupyter Notebook by running `jupyter notebook`.\
    - Open `model.ipynb` and `EDA.ipynb` from the Jupyter interface.\
    - Run the notebooks cell by cell to follow the analysis.\
\
 Contact Information\
\
For any questions or issues related to this project, please contact:\
\
- Aditya Sinha: as5869@drexel.edu\
}
